>> Richard Feldman: We can also use
List.map with a different function that's
going to call our pluralized
function from before.
Here's how that might look.
Same thing as before,
except now we're taking a number.
We're calling pluralize leaf,
leaves, and num.
And that's going to give us back 0 leaves,
1 leaf, and 2 leaves.
Now we've modified pluralize so
that it concatenates the actual number
on there, using string.fromint.
What if I told you, you could also write
the exact same logic this way instead,
list.map pluralize leaf leaves,
and then 0, 1, 2.
So this is the same code that we had
before except I didn't use an anonymous
function, I just left off
an argument to pluralize.
And somehow, I'm getting the same result.
So the reason this works is
because this code actually
defines the same structure in Elm.
When I say pluralize leaf and leaves,
I leave off that last argument.
Elm says, I see that you've only
partially called this function,
you've only partially applied it.
You didn't give it all three arguments
that it needs you left one off.
>> Richard Feldman: So
in some languages when you do this,
you have things like default arguments,
you have things like,
in JavaScript it will assume that
that third argument is undefined and
it'll execute the function as normal.
What Elm does is it says, okay, you didn't
give me all the arguments I wanted,
what I'm gonna do is I'm not
gonna run pluralized yet.
What we are doing is I'm gonna give you
back an anonymous function that takes
whatever arguments are remaining,
and then sort of finishes the job.
So actually,
anytime you see pluralize leaf and leaves,
that is a partially applied function.
And is going to evaluate not to actually
running the function but it is going to
evaluate to an anonymous function that
takes the remaining arguments and
then returns the result
of finishing the job.
>> Richard Feldman: So that's why this
code does the same thing as the completely
fully written out version above.
Anytime you call a function without this,
that's just what you're going to get,
those two are actually
completely equivalent in Elm.